imp(tests): add testnet configuration for basic testing (#6)
MalteHerrmann/evmos-contracts-testing: README.md

- run a node locally. Can use the `local_node.sh` on evmos repo.
- edit the corresponding validator address in the `scripts/stake.js`
- run the following command: `npx hardhat run scripts/stake.js --network evmoslocal`

## Testnet Tests

> This branch contains the logic to run tests or set up on the official Evmos testnet.
> For this it is necessary for you to create a `.env` file
> containing two private keys that have funds available on testnet.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to run tests or scripts on the official Evmos testnet pass the `--network evmos_testnet` flag
to any Hardhat commands.
For this to work, it is necessary for you to create a `.env` file
containing two private keys that have funds available on testnet.
```
